can you achieve wealth without abundance
mindset I think so but can you maintain
it no I'm going to share with you a list
of questions that are really important
if you answer yes to any of the
following questions it means that you
have a money block a clear indicator
that it is your beliefs around money
that's probably preventing you from
truly experiencing the Financial Freedom
that you desire it's almost impossible
to change your financial situation if
you don't start by addressing your money
mindset
today I'm going to share with you a list
of questions that are really important
and how you answer these questions if
you answer yes to any of these questions
it means that you have a a money block
somewhere now if you answer yes to a lot
of these questions that will be the
clear and concise reason why currently
you are not able to Achieve Financial
Freedom I believe that if you answer yes
to any of the questions that we're going
to get to in just a few minutes that
that means that's money Block You've got
to take a look at this has been an
important theme throughout my life
throughout my career and throughout the
episodes that I've done it's something
I've had to change myself it's something
that I believe has given me the
opportunity to achieve Financial Freedom
and the question that I get over and
over and over again is like okay so what
do I need to do like how do I change my
financial situation and people want this
like very formulaic response they want
you to say oh well just do dropshipping
or start an MLM or people want a
specific answer they want to know how
much they should save they want to know
what they should start with and people
ask this question all the time and the
answer is you've got to start with your
mindset can you Achieve Financial
Independence can you achieve wealth
without a abundance mindset I think so
but can you maintain it no not in my
opinion not in my experience not in my
own personal experience and the
experience I've seen of other people
it's one thing to make money but if
you're mind mindset isn't in the right
place if it's standing in the way of
your Financial Freedom you're probably
going to make that money and lose that
money like over and over and over again
and that's assuming that you've got the
right mindset to be able to even make
the money so while I would love to tell
you like what you need to do to change
your financial situation and give you
like a specific side hustle you should
start with the honest truth is and
people don't want to hear this because
it means you've got to take a look at
yourself and you have to sometimes look
back at your childhood and you really
have to be self-aware enough to
recognize okay what are my limiting
beliefs and you just can't do that
unless you're willing to like look back
at like little shelene if you know my
story you've heard me say before I grew
up in a household where we were exposed
to a really positive money mindset
despite that there are still like these
beliefs that I formed myself regarding
money and wealth and what it takes and
what your life looks like and and what I
thought about people who were wealthy
and you know just for those of you who
don't know like I didn't grow up with
money it wasn't like I came from a
wealthy family my father was the first
person in his family to do something
other than work in an auto plant and he
decided to become an entrepreneur what I
experienced growing up was a really
really healthy mindset around money but
I also experienced cycles of extreme
debt and bankruptcy and like losing
everything and then like getting it all
back and then losing everything and then
getting it all back that the way I
interpret it like every person
interprets their past and the messaging
that they heard the things that they
experienced everyone interprets it
differently like even two identical
twins are going to have a different
perception around money and possibility
Etc but the way I interpreted that was
well my parents are happy people so
money it doesn't change whether you're
happy you might lose it all but you're
going to get more what what I didn't
realize is some of the subconscious
beliefs that I had
formed that eventually became blocks and
problems for me and and I think that was
one of them is that you're going to get
a lot and you're going to lose a lot
like that was a belief and I was like
and that's okay but because that was
okay for me that's exactly what happened
in my life and the universe is going to
line things up with a in accordance with
your beliefs whether they're
subconscious or conscious so that's why
it's so important that you look at your
subc ious beliefs and recognizing that
on some level is a subconscious belief
like I still have to keep that in check
today I know even if I were to lose
everything I know I have the ability to
get it back I know that it won't change
my happiness I know that it might make
life tougher but today the way that it's
different is I don't expect that to
happen whereas in the past I did I sub
consciously I just believed we're going
to make a ton of money and we're going
to lose a ton of money because that's
what I experienced
and so because of that we did make a ton
of money and we did lose a ton of money
in fact at one point my husband and I
we'll say this for another episode were
nearly a half a million dollars in debt
to all kinds of
people I knew then that I really had to
change my money mindset and that started
with the belief that I had to examine
the belief that it was okay or that I
was going to expect to get it all back
and then lose it again this time when
that experience happened which is pretty
devastating I mean it's incredibly
devastating especially if you know like
the circumstances around it for us I was
just like I'm I'm never going to be here
again and that meant I had to figure out
like what were the blocks I had but
first I want to share with you a little
bit about my own Journey when it comes
to changing my money mindset every year
I try to take a look at where I might be
blocked like what are some some of my
the beliefs that I have that are holding
me back from the freedom that I truly
want and some recent ones that I
recognize I have and I'm working on
these and and they are holding me back
financially and they're holding me back
professionally from the growth that I
want to experience one of them is if you
want things done right you have to do it
yourself like that is blocking me from
having more abundance because it's not
true if that subconsciously that's the
belief that I hold then that means I'm
going to do most things myself or I'm
going to waste a ton of time looking
over people's shoulder and and redoing
things for them as a child or as I went
into adulthood like even in my 20s and
30s I could only achieve this is going
to sound relative but you know at a
certain point we were broke right but
then once we got out of debt we just
couldn't really get past that like 1
million2 million Mark and I know that
might sound like out of touch but if you
don't hear these things you don't
experience them you don't see them you
don't know that it's possible I want you
to know by me just sharing my story like
not as a flex but like as someone who
has extreme ADHD got horrible grades is
a hot mess is not that organized well
I'm pretty organized but like not
compared to like a lot of other people
somebody who just you think that someone
who's making millions of dollars that
they are just like a machine and they're
super intelligent and they're
very efficient and they never waste time
and they work all the time they've
invented something well it's just not
true like so that that's the other
reason why I like tell you about where
we are financially because I need you to
know that you can do it too like you can
be a hot mess and you can figure this
out but it literally does start with
your mindset but one thing that that I
realized was like really holding us back
from like breaking the next level of
Financial Freedom is this belief I had
that the more money you make the more
problems you're going to have the more
money you make the more people you have
to have and people mean problems and I
had to get over that belief in order to
break that Plateau we had to get over
that belief again growing up my folks
had a very positive influence over my
money mindset like I didn't hear my
parents say things like money grows on
trees or that's for the rich people or
that's what rich people do I heard them
say things like when I was a kid as all
kids do and you like you want for things
like you want this toy or like all the
kids I remember I think I was probably
like in fourth grade and these they're
like helies but they were in the 70s and
they were called I forget maybe they
were called wheelies I don't know but
they were oh Pop Wheels oh my God I just
remember they were called pop wheels and
there it was like this clog that you
pressed a button and like a wheel popped
out and I just wanted them so bad and I
think they were like 40 bucks maybe 50
bucks I don't know where where I got
that number from but I I remember like
sitting down in my dad's office and
which was in her home and asking him if
my mom and dad would buy those for me
actually I think I just told him I
wanted them and he got excited he's like
I love it these look so cool let's
figure out a way for you to make the
money and buy these or at least for you
to make the M the money and then then
you can decide if you want to buy these
and that didn't seem out of the ORD I
was like yeah and then we came up with
different ideas different ways that I
could make money like cutting the grass
and doing things for our neighbors and
back then like everyone had a what's it
called a paper route so it's like
picking up a friend's paper route like
little things that I could do to make
money and that was a really powerful
money mindset I didn't hear you can't we
can't we can't afford that which my
parents couldn't at that time what I
heard was of course you can find a way
to do that if that's what you want
you're going to figure out a way to make
that money and that was a positive money
mindset I didn't hear things like we're
broke we can't afford to do that I
always said well let's find a way and so
that was all really positive but I also
do remember just little phrases and I'm
curious I want you to drop a comment
below this episode and let me know what
little phrase like think back on it do
you remember hearing that caused you to
have a negative belief around people who
had money or people who were wealthy
like sometimes you hear people say uh
you know especially uh referring to the
Bible and Christianity you hear a lot of
people saying like God wants you to
prosper and other people saying like you
know money is the root of all evil and
you'll also hear things like all rich
people are scammers and evil people I
remember hearing the phrase about
someone else and I remember my dad
saying that person is Money Motivated
and it was like in a negative tone and I
remember thinking oh so if you pursue
Prosperity that must be a bad thing you
know and I just remember thinking like
that was a character flaw like if you're
somebody who pursued Prosperity that was
character flaw and because of that that
impacted my fear around asking for what
I was worth when I was working for
attorneys as a paralal when I was
working at at gyms as a a fitness
instructor I was always like I just want
people to know that it is not the money
that motivates me I want people to know
that like I was so worried that somebody
might can think that I was Money
Motivated that I would I would never ask
for a raise I would when if somebody
said like well you know what is the
range that you want to be hired at and
they would give a r like the low and the
high I would always go I would pick the
low end because I would want them to
have the impression of me that that
wasn't important to me and I realized
today that I had to take a look at that
and go like it's not that I'm Money
Motivated I'm not but I am motivated by
my
worth and my worth increases by the
number of people that I help that's how
I think about it like the more people
who I can help help touch what and I
don't just mean financially like when
you are in service of other people that
increases your for me it increases my
value my mental Val like my selfworth
right or wrong I recently had a
conversation with my therapist about
this but it is very tied to how can I
help people and cuz my the oh I'm on
like a tangent now but my therapist said
could you just exist and I said what do
you mean he's like could you just like
for the rest your life like just do
nothing and feel good about yourself I'm
like I probably but I think the only and
I'm just being honest the only way I
would actually like wake up each day and
feel good about myself is knowing that
I've had an impact on other people that
I've helped other people so I don't know
I don't know if that's good or bad but I
am just telling you that I am I'm not
motivated by money but I am motivated by
my own worth money doesn't have any
control over me money is an energy and
the more energetic I am the more energy
I attract to me I believe that more is
coming my way and we can talk about
abundance but I think before we do I
want to go through this list of
questions and I want you to just write
down the numbers 1 through 12 okay and
any question I want you to write you
know 1 through 12 and then next to each
number write either a y or an N so yes
to this question or no to this question
here we go first question do you believe
that money is scarce and hard to come by
do you feel guilty or fearful or
uncomfortable when you think about
yourself having a lot of money do you
believe that very wealthy people must be
inherently greedy or unethical do you
believe that you have to work extremely
hard to make a lot of money do you
believe that it's impossible for you to
become one of the most wealthy people
you know do you feel Unworthy of extreme
wealth do you believe that the more
money somebody makes the more problems
they have do you believe that you will
have to sacrifice your personal
happiness or some other relationship to
achieve financial success do you believe
that you have to guard your savings and
that investing is something very risky
do you believe that you're lousy or just
not that good at managing money do you
believe that it's too late for you to
dramatically change your financial
situation and lastly do you believe that
talking about money is taboo or
uncomfortable so if you're yes to one or
two of these that's pretty normal I mean
even I myself at least two or three of
those I'm like yeah maybe uh but if you
answered yes to a lot of those that's a
clear indicator that it is your beliefs
around money that's probably preventing
you from truly experiencing the
Financial Freedom that you desire so
instead of asking yourself like or
asking others okay what do I need to do
to to get more money the first step is
to start with your beliefs because
everything else like the universe will
align things in accordance with your
beliefs I believe that it's not as
simple as the law of attractions but
there is a lot to be said about the way
God works the way the universe works the
way our beliefs subconsciously are what
control our actions so I encourage you
to take some time and think about your
childhood think about where you picked
up the things think about who you were
exposed to what you experienced what you
saw what you lived and how it may have
shaped your beliefs subconsciously or
consciously think about how you feel
when you're around wealthy people I mean
I remember the very first time man it's
it's a process too dude like it's it's a
process and you have to keep exposing
yourself to it like I I remember when I
was growing up and I had an uncle who
like had this really great job and I
remember he was like the rich
uncle and he lived in now I realize it
was a nice modest home he drove a nice
car like a company car that was like a
you know I think it was a Mercedes and
because of that like we this we like he
was the rich uncle and I remember
feeling like uncomfortable in his home I
remember like when he eventually got
divorced thinking well that probably
relates to the money you know and you
have these subconscious belief like even
if no one ever said these things to you
you definitely formed beliefs around
money and wealth and prosperity so I
think it's really important to like
examine those things and examine them at
each and every stage where you realize
like okay I want more and I and I
believe I deserve more and I believe
that in abundance and I believe that I
can do more with it and I and I believe
I'm deserving of it like all of those
things when I say deserving I don't mean
like you I'm a good person so I deserve
it it's like I know that I can help more
people with it it means that I'm not
limited it's energy and I I want more
energy and it's also looking at like
different stages of your life like so
for example again there was a point at
which my husband and I were you know
making a lot more than anyone on either
sides of our families right like so on
my mom's side my dad's side like no one
had ever made that much money despite
that there were still things I was
really uncomfortable with like I I
remember we moved into this one
neighborhood and I didn't feel like I
belonged these like other moms and I
believed that if I walked into their
home like they would
sense that I didn't belong there they
would sense how uncomfortable I was that
I'd never sat in a chair like that that
I'd never seen draperies like that like
they would pick up on these things and
like say get out of here you know what I
mean like and and I had to be around
enough and see these people enough to
realize like I different than anybody
else they're not that great there's
nothing special about them they just
have a different way of looking at money
they've done something differently and
we're going to talk about what people do
differently that changes their financial
situation in in just a moment like I I
feel like this could be like a whole
series but I want to start with a
mindset piece
first and helping you to understand like
where are your limitations today and how
can they continue to evolve even if you
are in a situation you can't even
believe how fortunate you are which I
hope that you have a sense of gratitude
because why and believing that you can
achieve more doesn't mean that you're
ungrateful it doesn't mean that you're
dissatisfied it means that you know more
is possible and when we believe that we
are abundantly blessed I believe that
more blessings come to us when we think
about and focus on our lack and you can
see it in comments man let me tell you
if you want to see scarcity mindset if
you want to see excuses if you want to
see mindset blocks that correlate with a
person's financial situation read
comments I'm sure there will be comments
under this episode anytime we have this
conversation you you will see that
people will say oh yeah well blah blah
blah and they just list like all of
these limiting beliefs am I saying that
if you change all of your beliefs your
financial situation will radically
change I am am I saying that just
changing your beliefs will change your
financial situation no I'm not you do
have to take action and you do have to
have knowledge you have to have
knowledge and take action right but it
really does begin with your beliefs so
again you know it was like me getting
comfortable with being around wealthy
people and and seeing the way that they
experience money and how how they were
and realizing like oh it's it's possible
it's like there there's nothing special
about them there's nothing special
they're not better than me like I could
do this too you know and even today I
still find myself having some of those
limiting beliefs like when we were just
traveling through the south of France
right which is something that we could
have never done certainly when we were
in massive amounts of debt it's
something that there was a certain point
in my life that I thought that's
something only extremely wealthy people
did stayed in festar hotels and people
who were different from me but I'm that
same person and we have the kind of
wealth that we can do that now
nonetheless I still have limiting
beliefs because even when we're you know
traveling through the amuli coast I'm
seeing these big Yachts I caught myself
thinking well I would never want that
kind of money I would never want a yacht
that's got so many problems and here's a
limit belief I heard someone once say
that the the two best days of their
lives were the day they bought a yacht
and the day they sold a yacht so like in
my mind it's was like okay hang on to
that belief because there it means that
having that kind of wealth is a problem
and so just recognizing like wait a
second I've got that belief I've got to
challenge that belief maybe these people
are so wealthy like it's not a big deal
even if they do have to dump a ton of
money into paying for a staff and the
maintenance and docking L all the things
I don't even know but I need to
challenge that belief because I'm never
going to like experience that if my
belief is I don't want it and it's bad
so my recommendation to you is to take
some time to answer these questions to
carefully look at what things in your
past and your childhood may have shaped
your beliefs and do some introspection
it might mean working with a therapist
it might mean hearing these positive
affirmations over and over and over
again and you know what I'm going to do
I am going to share with you some of the
best resources that I have experience
personally when it comes to my mindset
around wealth and money okay I'm going
to share with you the audio books I'm
going to share with you the the CD that
I listened to over and over and over
again in my 20s that I think really
changed my money mindset I'm going to
share with you some recent audio books
couple of different podcasts but here's
the deal y'all people always say like
what book should I start with I'm like I
I'll give you a book to start with but
like this is brainwashing like the first
18 years of your life you don't realize
this but like your money mindset was
brainwashed into you so I'm saying you
have to listen to this stuff on repeat
until the the ideas the words the
affirmations they start to become your
own and that takes repetition a ton of
repetition over and over and over and
over and over again and it it means
being insatiably hungry to expand and
improve your money mindset it means not
just listening to the book once like
this audio program that I'm going to
share with you it's called Prosperity
Consciousness that I listened to in the
'90s
I listen to it every year because even
though like some of the things he talks
about are like kind of outdated you know
what I mean but like the Consciousness
is timeless that doesn't change I need
to constantly Hammer these things into
my head and so I'm always listening to
those kinds of books because because I
believe in expansion because I believe
in growth and because I believe in
abundance and so if you're going to
start on this journey of changing your
mindset know that it's a journey without
a Finish Line this is something you're
going to continue to do repetition is
the Cornerstone to growth please let me
know cuz I'm going to pin a comment at
the top here I encourage you to answer
the question I'm going to pin at the top
and because here's what I want to know
from you what do you think is the number
one money mindset your own personal
money mindset that is a block for you
like something that's there
subconsciously tell me what it is tell
maybe it was a phrase you heard as a
child maybe it's something that happened
to you in your early 20s maybe it's past
experience maybe it's something that you
saw but tell me right now the very not
the biggest but like the first thing
that comes to mind hey I appreciate you
spending this time with me I appreciate
you expanding and growing in this way
I'm here to help you do that we can do
it together
[Music]